Mtm 62468 documentation about setting passwrod for new user (#2875)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/standard-tenant/managing-users.md

      </table>

      For additional information see [User options and settings](/get-familiar-with-the-ui/user-settings).
<br><br>

3. Select the login options for the user.

>    In case TFA authorization via SMS is enabled for the tenant:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If TFA authorization via SMS is enabled for the tenant:
```

>     * **Two-factor authentication (SMS)** - if selected, the user will receive a verification code via SMS which is required to complete the authentication. The SMS will be sent to the phone number configured above. For details refer to [Two-factor authentication](/authentication/tfa/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * **Two-factor authentication (SMS)** - If selected, the user will receive a verification code via SMS which is required to complete the authentication. The SMS will be sent to the phone number configured above. For details refer to [Two-factor authentication](/authentication/tfa/).
```

<br><br>

>    In case TFA authorization via TOTP is enabled for the tenant:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If TFA authorization via TOTP is enabled for the tenant:
```

>    In case TFA authorization via TOTP is enabled for the tenant:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   In case TFA authorization via TOTP (Time-Based One-Time Password) is enabled for the tenant:
```

>     * **Two-factor authentication (TOTP)** - if selected, the user will have to provide TOTP (Time-Based One-Time Password) from third party authentication application to complete the authentication. For details refer to [Two-factor authentication](/authentication/tfa/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * **Two-factor authentication (TOTP)** - If selected, the user must provide TOTP from a third-party authentication application to complete the authentication. For details refer to [Two-factor authentication](/authentication/tfa/).
```

>     * **Enforce TOTP setup for the user** - if selected, the user will have to setup TOTP on the first login. For details refer to [Two-factor authentication](/authentication/tfa/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * **Enforce TOTP setup for the user** - If selected, the user must setup TOTP on the first login. For details refer to [Two-factor authentication](/authentication/tfa/).
```

<br><br>

4. Select the password options for the user.

>    * **Send password reset link as email** - if selected, the user will receive an email message with a link to set a password. The email will be sent to the email address configured above. This option is only available during user creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * **Send password reset link as email** - If selected, the user will receive an email message with a link to set a password. The email will be sent to the email address configured above. This option is only available during user creation.
```

>    * **Set password that must be changed on the first login** - if selected, you must provide a password which the user must reset on the next login.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * **Set password that must be changed on the first login** - If selected, you must provide a password which the user must reset on the next login.
```

>    * **Set password for the user (no change required)** - if selected, you must provide a password. A password change is not required by the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * **Set password for the user (no change required)** - If selected, you must provide a password. A password change is not required by the user.
```

> {{< c8y-admon-info >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   {{< c8y-admon-info >}}
```

> While entering the password, the strength of the password will be checked. See [To change your password](/get-familiar-with-the-ui/user-settings/#to-change-your-password) for further information on password reset and strength.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While entering the password, the strength of the password is checked. See [To change your password](/get-familiar-with-the-ui/user-settings/#to-change-your-password) for further information on password reset and strength.
```

{{< /c8y-admon-info >}}

>   <br><br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
